Enable using DALI plugins (#82)
triton-inference-server/dali_backend: docs/examples/dali_plugin/README.md

> # DALI plugin with Triton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# DALI plugins with Triton
```

This example shows how to use custom operations implemented for DALI

> (i.e. DALI plugins) with Triton. As an example, we use here a custom DALI
> operation that copies the input to the output. You can find this copy-plugin in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(i.e. DALI plugins) with Triton. In this example, we use a dummy DALI
operation that copies the input to the output. You can find this copy plugin in
```

[DALI documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/dali/master-user-guide/docs/examples/custom_operations/custom_operator/create_a_custom_operator.html).

### Step 1: Obtain the plugin lib

> Firstly, you need to code and build DALI plugin. This topic is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Firstly, you need to code and build the plugin. This topic is
```

> out of scope of this tutorial. You can find all relevant info in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
out of scope of this tutorial. You can find all relevant information in
```

> [DALI documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/dali/master-user-guide/docs/examples/custom_operations/custom_operator/create_a_custom_operator.html). All you need to do is to follow linked tutorial to obtain `.so` library with your custom plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DALI documentation](https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/dali/master-user-guide/docs/examples/custom_operations/custom_operator/create_a_custom_operator.html). All you need to do is to follow the linked tutorial to obtain `.so` library with your custom plugin.
```

> ### Step 2: Serialize DALI pipeline which uses your custom operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 2: Serialize the DALI pipeline which uses your custom operation
```

As always when using DALI with Triton, you need to serialize your DALI pipeline.
Again, this topic is broadly discussed in the tutorial linked above. To summarize,
you need to use `nvidia.dali.plugin_manager` to load your plugin and use it in
your pipeline. `custom_copy_pipeline.py` file shows, how do to it:

    plugin_manager.load_library('/path/to/libcustomcopy.so')
    
    @dali.pipeline_def(batch_size=3, num_threads=1, device_id=0)
    def pipe():
        data = dali.fn.external_source(device="cpu", name="DALI_INPUT_0")
        cp = dali.fn.custom_copy(data)
        return cp

> ### Step 3: Inject plugin lib into tritonserver docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: Inject the plugin lib into tritonserver docker image
```

> The `.so` file you have built in the previous step contains the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `.so` file you built in the previous step contains the
```

> definition of your operation. Therefore, you need to inject it
> into your tritonserver image, so that DALI would be able to conduct
> this operation. There are multiple ways to achieve that, including
> mounting (`-v` option), copying (`COPY` directive or `docker cp` command),
> pick whichever suits you best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion
definition of your operation. The file must be available inside your
tritonserver docker image so that DALI can load it and use the newly
defined operation. This can be achieved in several ways, including
mounting (`-v` option) or copying (`COPY` directive or `docker cp` command).
```

> pick whichever suits you best.
sounds a bit too casual

> Here we will assume, that your `.so` library is located at
> `/models/libcustomcopy.so` path in your tritonserver docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will assume, that your `.so` library is located at
`/models/libcustomcopy.so` in your tritonserver docker image.
```

### Step 4: Update your config file

> DALI Backend will be able to pick up your plugin library, provided
> that you'll point it out in model configuration. In your model repository
> please add a parameter to the DALI model, listing colon-separated plugin libraries:

Reviewer: This is awkward.
```suggestion
For DALI Backend to be able to use your plugin libraries, you must point to
them in the model configuration file. Add a ``plugin_libs`` parameter to the DALI model,
with the value being a colon-separated list of paths to plugin libraries.
```

    parameters: [
        {
            key: "plugin_libs"

>             value: { string_value: "/path/to/libplugin1.so:/another/path/libplugin2.so" }

Reviewer: I find it a bit confusing - previous step says that it assumes some location of the file and now you show _two_ plugins in different location.

        }
    ]

You can find an example in `model_repository/mydali/config.pbtxt` file.

> ### Step 5: Enjoy custom DALI plugin in Triton

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 5: Enjoy your custom DALI plugin in Triton
```

That's all. You can now run your server

## Remember

As always in DALI Backend case, remember that `dali.fn.external_source`'s `name` parameter must match

> with input name provided in `config.pbtxt` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the input name provided in `config.pbtxt` file. 
```
